<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
<h:head>
	<title>JSF 2.2: Simple JSF</title>
</h:head>
<h:body>
	<h1>JSF 2.2: Simple JSF</h1>
	<p>JSF establece el estandar para la construcción de UI basado en
		componentes web.</p>

	<ul>
		<li>JSF trae componentes (tags) predefinidos y api controlar sus
			eventos.</li>
		<li>Puede ser utilizado como framework MVC: creación de
			formularios, control de eventos, validación de datos, invocación de
			una lógica de negocio y generación de resultados.</li>
		<li>Tiene soporte para AJAX. También se puede utilizar jQuery o
			GWT(Google Web Toolkit).</li>
	</ul>

	<div align="center">
		<fieldset>
			<legend>JSF Test Form</legend>
			<h:form>
  Some random data: <h:inputText value="#{someBean.someProperty}" />
				<br />
				<!-- Corresponds to getSomeProperty and setSomeProperty -->
				<!-- Calls "someActionControllerMethod" and uses return value as base name of page to navigate to. -->
				<h:commandButton value="Go to Page B"
					action="#{someBean.someActionControllerMethod}" />
			</h:form>
		</fieldset>
	</div>
	<p>
		If the tags like h:form and h:commandButton are totally ignored, it
		probably means that you don't have the JSF JAR file in WEB-INF/lib,
		that you haven't mapped the FacesServlet in web.xml, or that you used
		the wrong URL (i.e, ending in page-a.<b>xhtml</b> instead of page-a.<b>jsf</b>).
	</p>
	<p>Note: when making your own facelets pages (i.e., JSF .xhtml
		pages) in a project based on this jsf-blank project, copy the template
		files from the "samples" folder to the top-level WebContent folder,
		then rename the files. Do NOT use this page directly, since this page
		has many extraneous entries.</p>






	<hr style="margin-top: 100px" />
	<p style="font-size: 60%">
		All code from the <a
			href="http://courses.coreservlets.com/Course-Materials/">
			coreservlets.com J2EE tutorials: JSF 2.2, PrimeFaces, Java 7
			programming, Java 8 lambdas and streams, Hadoop, Ajax with jQuery,
			GWT, Spring, Hibernate, JPA, SOAP-based and RESTful Web Services,
			Android development, servlets, and JSP</a>. There are also <a
			href="http://courses.coreservlets.com/">live instructor-led
			training courses on the same Java EE topics: JSF 2.2, PrimeFaces,
			Java 7 programming, Java 8 lambdas and streams, Hadoop, Ajax with
			jQuery, GWT, Spring, Hibernate, JPA, SOAP-based and RESTful Web
			Services, Android development, servlets, and JSP</a>. Email <a
			href="mailto:info@coreservlets.com">info@coreservlets.com</a> to
		inquire about customized versions of these courses taught onsite at <i>your</i>
		organization or for consulting/development support from Marty Hall.
		Also see the <a href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/jsf2/">JSF
			2.2 tutorial</a>, the <a
			href="http://www.coreservlets.com/JSF-Tutorial/primefaces/">PrimeFaces
			tutorial</a>, and <a
			href="http://courses.coreservlets.com/about-instructor.html">information
			about Marty Hall, the training course instructor</a>.
	</p>
</h:body>
</html>